Week 1 Lecture Notes
--------------------
+ Software Development Lifecycle
1. Who is on the software development team and what do they contribute?
    1. Product Manager（coordination of what we need）, Project Manager（directions of how we do）,
    Designer（how user experience goes），Quality Assurance
2. What are the main steps in the software development lifecycle? What is the goal
of each one?

+ Java
3. What is the structure of a Java class? (declaration, variables, ...) access modifiers？
4. What are the possible accessibility modifiers and primitive types in Java?
5. What is the difference between the equals method and the == operator?
6. All Java classes are subclasses of "Object". We call Java classes "reference
types" as opposed to "primitive types". What is the difference between the two?
7. How is a constructor different from a method? Include information about what
each does as well as the difference in syntax.

+ Version Control and Git
8. Why do we use version control? How can we benefit from it? Give at least 7
    - 1.Tracking changes in the code, making sure work isn't lost and we are able to see which version
    we want.
    - 2. You can pull changes rather than different files
    - 3. Save space by tracking changes
    - 4. 
    • Backup and restore - because accidents happen
    • Synchronization - multiple people can make changes
    • Short term undo - that last change made things worse?
    • Long term undo - find out when a bug was introduced
    • Track changes - all changes related to a bug fix
    • Sandboxing - try something out without messing up the main code
    • Branching and merging - (better defined sandboxes)
features. Use Git to keep track of projects, and backtrack if somethnig happens.
9. What do the four states in the "git status" report mean?
untracked --
staged --
tracked --
dirty/modified --
10. What do these git commands mean?
clone --
pull --
add --
commit --
push --
branch --
merge --
status --
checkout --
11. A conflict is a set of characters you need to delete. Where do these characters
come from?
